docs: refactor `prefer-destructuring` rule (#18472)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/prefer-destructuring.md

### Options

This rule takes two arguments, both of which are objects. The first object parameter determines what types of destructuring the rule applies to.

> In first object the two properties, `array` and `object`, can be used to turn on or off the destructuring requirement for each of those types independently. By default, both are true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first object, there are two properties, `array` and `object`, that can be used to turn on or off the destructuring requirement for each of those types independently. By default, both are true.
```

Author: Updated!

> This rule takes two sets of configuration objects. The first object parameter determines what types of destructuring the rule applies to.

Reviewer: I think the use of the word "sets" is incorrect throughout. What we are really saying is that this rule takes two arguments, both of which are objects. 

Then we can say, "The first object contains two properties, `array` and `object`..."

And, "The second object..."

What do you think?

Author: i think it explains the option well,
updated the description!

:::

> Alternatively, you can use separate configurations for different assignment types. It accepts 2 other keys instead of `array` and `object`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use separate configurations for different assignment types. The first argument accepts two other keys instead of `array` and `object`.
```

> One key is `VariableDeclarator` and the other is `AssignmentExpression`, which can be used to control the destructuring requirement for each of those types independently. Each property accepts an object that accepts two properties, `array` and `object`, which can be used to control the destructuring requirement for each of `array` and `object` independently for variable declarations and assignment expressions.  By default, `array` and `object` are set to true for both `VariableDeclarator` and `AssignmentExpression`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One key is `VariableDeclarator` and the other is `AssignmentExpression`, which can be used to control the destructuring requirement for each of those types independently. Each property is an object containing two properties, `array` and `object`, which can be used to control the destructuring requirement for each of `array` and `object` independently for variable declarations and assignment expressions.  By default, `array` and `object` are set to `true` for both `VariableDeclarator` and `AssignmentExpression`.
```

```json
{
  "rules": {
    "prefer-destructuring": ["error", {
      "VariableDeclarator": {
        "array": true,
        "object": true
      },
      "AssignmentExpression": {
        "array": true,
        "object": true
      }
    }]
  }
}
```

Examples of **correct** code when object destructuring in `VariableDeclarator` is enforced:

::: correct

```javascript
/* eslint prefer-destructuring: ["error", {VariableDeclarator: {object: true}}] */
var {bar: foo} = object;
```

:::

Examples of **correct** code when array destructuring in `AssignmentExpression` is enforced:

::: correct

```javascript
/* eslint prefer-destructuring: ["error", {AssignmentExpression: {array: true}}] */
[bar] = array;
```

:::

#### enforceForRenamedProperties

> The rule has a second object with a single key, `enforceForRenamedProperties`, which determines whether the `object` destructuring applies to renamed variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule has a second object argument with a single key, `enforceForRenamedProperties`, which determines whether the `object` destructuring applies to renamed variables.
```

Author: Done!
